hey guys it's got here for x games daily
I'm sorry there's no Skyrim today and
i'm going to give you another video
we're going to be covering where the
Elder Scrolls six will be because i was
just looking up the loads of videos and
youtube top places i've seen where it is
going to be is elsewhere or vannah would
I don't know them pronouncing that right
elsewhere sign like that so first I'm
quick reminder on well we've been
already so I Elder Scrolls one arena
we've been able to go to all of the
places but they weren't in much detail
so you couldn't really pay much
attention in daggerfall we was in
powerful which is here next to Sarah
guild Skyrim and high rock and the
audience goes free morrowind of course
we was in morrowind which is next to
Sarah del Skyrim and Black Marsh in the
elder scott for Oblivion we was in the
Imperial City Cyrodiil which is in the
center next to Lake ordered the
provinces a bottom summersisle which is
like a you know an island in the elder
scrolls five finally we was in Skyrim so
called this and I think Nords are from
Skyrim so Hammerfell is Red Guard serie
de with Imperials and morrowind I think
can we just let this up morrowind points
and done my Dark Elves ok so we've had
our cows Nord red God and imperial so
Black Marsh I think is the dumb
just find it black mark argonians which
is that reptilian race but I don't think
it's going to be Black Marsh because we
haven't really heard much about the
argonians so yeah we haven't had much
luck no unions and I don't think in it
and near the Elder Scrolls games so
there's not they don't really tie in to
the story in any way yet somerset I'll
let's with up altomare the High Elves I
think this will just get my colors up
this is a possibility summersisle
because it's high elves which i think is
part of the foul more so that that they
tyne are quite a bit to the civil war
that's going on in Skyrim so that's a
possibility hi rock is Britain's and
talks we don't really hear much about
them in Skyrim so I think they're out of
the question for these changes to bread
so that leaves us with Valon wood and
elsewhere Valon would I don't know what
that's home to ellenwood Bosma which is
the wood elves so I think that could be
in as well because I think they're in
the Thalmor as well I don't know if dark
elves are but I think tiles and what
else definitely hopefully probably ah
i'm not really have most knowledgeable
about the elder scrolls but I know yeah
and this needs elsewhere home to the key
genes dividing us the advantage to the
north animal probably a sub tropical
zone in South this region Max's son so
the coast of Tamriel elsewhere is home
to the coogi so I think it's going to be
one of these three I there's three
possibilities there the thing that it
could be I'm anything is going to be
these free basis because we've seen all
of these one circle in black and high
rock and Britons and walks they haven't
really been in the story much in Skyrim
haven't been in the story much so then
already tied into the story so we
couldn't really get much out of these
guys so the two elves elven regions they
link to Skyrim unless you don't and but
elsewhere I that I think the reason they
people talking about this is because we
haven't seen a region like this before
this is like a tropical ISM region like
Deborah see like jungle trees and stuff
so that will be a brand-new thing we can
explore I'll probably be like sand
houses and stuff I'm filled up with cat
people or the proper name because it's
just around to be filling us in so is
the quick summary of this high rock
probably not oops dell to fill their
just get my paintbrush back out or god
it's crashed so yeah I'm with that so
just a quick summary of what we've been
through I think I rocks out of the
question because it hasn't been linked
into skyrim Black Marsh
the Dark Elves don't really have much do
ask irony ver so that's out of the
question Sierra deal with hide I'm
affair with hide morrowind with hide and
these three tie in quite a lot with the
skyrim story so i think these three and
the possibilities we could see in the
next elder scrolls but like ice-1 said
this but i think they've just finished
up on the skyrim dlc and I think they
finished up making the vanilla game of
own Scrolls online so what's the thing
that they're going to do they're going
to release everything they want to
release the elder scrolls online and
then they're going to start over to work
if they haven't already on august or six
which is probably going to be in any of
these three places and once what is like
out of question once we've had these all
of these four if we even do if we have
all of these four we're going to go to
another continent or none which
apparently is the planet that
which is apparently the planet the Elder
Scrolls is based in but that's a long
way away I'm talking elder scrolls six
seven eight nine ten eleven I was 11 and
we're only underscores five so yeah I'm
Scott from X Games daily hope you've
enjoyed my theory photos cross-sex and I
know